# This project is used to complete ACSE group project 2, 2022

# The Gormanium Rush

## 1. Engineering structure

### src folder contains the implementation of the project, including:

1. Genetic_Algorithm, the implementation of genetic algorithm;

2. main, examples of the use of Genetic Algorithm;

3. CUnit, calculation of products and wastes;

4. CCircuit, encapsulate check functions;

### includes folder contains the headfile of the SRC, the most important part is:

Genetic_Algorithm.h, which contains the compilation switch of parameter definition and function selection of genetic algorithm. If you want to change the performance of genetic algorithm, please change the parameters of this file and recompile without modification Cpp file!

### tests folder contains tests on the functions of various files, including:

1. test1, test for Check_Validity();

2. test2, test for Evaluate_Circuit();

3. test3, test for Genetic Algorithm();

run_tests is not in this folder , it is used for automatic run above file on github.

### plot.py

plot.py is used to convert the sequence file generated by Genetic Algorithm into pictures.

## 2. How to run files

What you should do is to just run the main.cpp in src folder, if you want to change the behavior
of Genetic_Algorithm(), you can change the parameter in the Genetic_Algorithm.h in includes folder,
our 3 additional function also in there. If you want to activate related functions, delete "//"

note: if you want to change the length of units, you not only need to change NUM_UNIT in Genetic_Algorithm.h
but also need change num_units in CCircuit.h.

### Work in serial

Path to src folder, open the terminal, input

1. g++ -std=c++17 -o main main.cpp Genetic_Algorithm.cpp CCircuit.cpp CUnit.cpp

2. ./main

And then you can run the code.

### Work in Parallel(openMP)

Path to src folder, open the terminal, input

1. g++ -std=c++17 -o main main.cpp Genetic_Algorithm.cpp CCircuit.cpp CUnit.cpp

2. ./main

And then you can run the code.

Path to src folder, open the terminal, input

1. export OMP_NUM_THREADS=1   you can change thread number

2. g++-11 -fopenmp main.cpp CCircuit.cpp CUnit.cpp Genetic_Algorithm.cpp

3. ./a.out

###  test file

The test file is not intended for you to run, but if you have to run it,
path to tests folder, open the terminal, input

1. g++ -std=c++17 -o test1 test1.cpp ../src/CCircuit.cpp ../src/CUnit.cpp ../src/Genetic_Algorithm.cpp

2. ./test1

note: you need to change number if you want to run different file.

###  plot.py

1. pip install graphviz

2. python plot.py

note: you must ensure that data.txt exist in src!

you also need to ensure the number of data is more than 3000, which means MAX_EVOLUTIONS
needs more than 3000.

## 3. The division of labor

The project is the result of the cooperation of the team members，
The division of labor is as follows：

Part 1: Yang Bai, TengTeng Huang, Xiao Teng

Part 2: Jinyu Zhou, Beini Zhang, Xiao Teng

Part 3: Ian Wan, Yuna Nakamura, Xiao Teng

Part 4: Xufei Gao

Part 5: TengTeng Huang Xufei Gao

Part 6: Jinyu Zhou, Beini Zhang

Part 7: Yang Bai

Test: Ian Wan, Xiao Teng Yuna Nakamura

Documentation: Yuna Nakamura Ian Wan Yang Bai
